Here comes the little flying stick, your majesty
How is the investigation of the King of Jin?
Your Majesty
Plum Blossom Tears has collected all the evidence of King Jin's guilt
Okay, Zhang Han's side
Zhang Han promised
As long as His Majesty is willing to release his son
I am willing to give you a total of 72.
You go and hand over the evidence of King Jin to Zhang Han
Why did His Majesty hand over the evidence of King Jin to Zhang Han?
Zhang Han works for Li Si
Giving it to Zhang Han is equivalent to giving it to Li
For a blue dragon woman
Your Majesty really wants to change the three-legged kung fu
Joke
How can I feel inferior because of a woman?
Innocent, then why did His Majesty throw it out when King Jin
Li Si caught the handle of King Jin
Will definitely play King Heqin
The King of Jin must counterattack
They were fighting.
Our mountain view
What are your Majesty's plans?
I borrow etiquette
Chen Ying, Minister of Killing Rites
Use the hands of the Japanese to get rid of the Minister of Punishment, Cai You
Governor Li Chunshan borrowed the name of the greedy government again
More than 30 people from the Ministry of Exiles and Li Ci's party
It's Broken Flag Night
I'm going to see the Western Regions next
Who are the wings of His Majesty Li Si?
Official Minister Zhang Han
Guozi and Sacrificial Wine Chen Yong
March on Commander Sima Shi
Zhang Han holds the power to evaluate officials all over the world
Chen Yong controls Shilin
Can guide public opinion
Sima Shi controls 100,000 marches into dispatch
These three people can be said to be Li Si's right-hand man
Three generations of the Zhang family
As long as you can hold Zhang Han's son
He Zhang Han will be for it
You are the confidant
Take three and go to one to make this happen
Dig a deep pit and wait for the tiger and leopard
Put down the golden ear hanging golden jacket
Just wait.
Sooner or later kill your brother